README.md, before:

# Project #10 - Argent Bank API

This codebase contains the code needed to run the backend for Argent Bank.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

Argent Bank uses the following tech stack:

- [Node.js v12](https://nodejs.org/en/)
- [MongoDB Community Server](https://www.mongodb.com/try/download/community)

Please make sure you have the right versions and download both packages. You can verify this by using the following commands in your terminal:

```bash
# Check Node.js version
node --version

# Check Mongo version
mongo --version
```

### Instructions

1. Fork this repo
1. Clone the repo onto your computer
1. Open a terminal window in the cloned project
1. Run the following commands:

```bash
# Install dependencies
npm install

# Start local dev server
npm run dev:server

# Populate database with two users
npm run populate-db
```

Your server should now be running at http://locahost:3001 and you will now have two users in your MongoDB database!

## Populated Database Data

Once you run the `populate-db` script, you should have two users in your database:

### Tony Stark

- First Name: `Tony`
- Last Name: `Stark`
- Email: `tony@stark.com`
- Password: `password123`

### Steve Rogers

- First Name: `Steve`,
- Last Name: `Rogers`,
- Email: `steve@rogers.com`,
- Password: `password456`

## API Documentation

To learn more about how the API works, once you have started your local environment, you can visit: http://localhost:3001/api-docs

## Design Assets

Static HTML and CSS has been created for most of the site and is located in: `/designs`.

For some of the dynamic features, like toggling user editing, there is a mock-up for it in `/designs/wireframes/edit-user-name.png`.

And for the API model that you will be proposing for transactitons, the wireframe can be found in `/designs/wireframes/transactions.png`.




Ajouter livrable .env à coller dans server
préciser dans le readme de creer le .env qui à été fourni dans le livrable
sur README utilisation de mongoDB atlas

Commit message:

edit Readme and optimize component navigation

README.md, after:

# Project #10 - Argent Bank API

This codebase contains the code needed to run the backend for Argent Bank.

### Prerequisites

Argent Bank uses the following tech stack:

- [Node.js v12](https://nodejs.org/en/)
- [MongoDB Community Server](https://www.mongodb.com/try/download/community)
- [MongoDB Atlas](https://www.mongodb.com/cloud/atlas/lp/try2?utm_content=rlsavisitor&utm_source=google&utm_campaign=gs_emea_rlsamulti_search_core_brand_atlas_desktop_rlsa&utm_term=mongodb%20atlas&utm_medium=cpc_paid_search&utm_ad=e&utm_ad_campaign_id=14412646455&adgroup=131761126452&gclid=CjwKCAjwlqOXBhBqEiwA-hhitKCtSMu95YnsBuai1nTwGiChaHFwzWqenZHC3vMK-qCTm6RXWCeUFBoCh8oQAvD_BwE)

Please make sure you have the right versions and download both packages. You can verify this by using the following commands in your terminal:

```bash
# Check Node.js version
node --version

# Check Mongo version
mongo --version
```

### Instructions

1. Fork this repo
1. Clone the repo onto your computer
1. Open a terminal window in the cloned project
1. Add the .env file in the server folder provided in the deliverables
1. Run the following commands:

```bash
# Install dependencies
npm install

# Start local dev server
npm run dev:server

# Populate database with two users
npm run populate-db
```

Your server should now be running at http://locahost:3001 and you will now have two users in your MongoDB database!

## Populated Database Data

Once you run the `populate-db` script, you should have two users in your database:

### Tony Stark

- First Name: `Tony`
- Last Name: `Stark`
- Email: `tony@stark.com`
- Password: `password123`

### Steve Rogers

- First Name: `Steve`,
- Last Name: `Rogers`,
- Email: `steve@rogers.com`,
- Password: `password456`

## API Documentation

To learn more about how the API works, once you have started your local environment, you can visit: http://localhost:3001/api-docs

## Design Assets

Static HTML and CSS has been created for most of the site and is located in: `/designs`.

For some of the dynamic features, like toggling user editing, there is a mock-up for it in `/designs/wireframes/edit-user-name.png`.

And for the API model that you will be proposing for transactitons, the wireframe can be found in `/designs/wireframes/transactions.png`.
